Clarify Recording Eligibility Determination in PIV enrollment record (#671)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

For individuals for whom no prior investigation exists, the appropriate required investigation **SHALL** be initiated with the authorized federal investigative service provider and the FBI NCHC portion of the background investigation **SHALL** be completed and favorably adjudicated prior to PIV Card issuance.

> Once the investigation is completed, the authorized adjudicative entity **SHALL** adjudicate the investigation and report the final eligibility determination to the Central Verification System (or successor) and, if applicable, their enrollment in the Continuous Vetting Program as defined in [[EO 13764]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-EO-13764). This determination **SHALL** be recorded (or available to) in the PIV enrollment record to reflect PIV eligibility for the PIV cardholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the investigation is completed, the authorized adjudicative entity **SHALL** adjudicate the investigation and report the final eligibility determination to the Central Verification System (or successor) and, if applicable, their enrollment in the Continuous Vetting Program as defined in [[EO 13764]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-EO-13764). This determination **SHALL** be recorded in (or available to) the PIV enrollment record to reflect PIV eligibility for the PIV cardholder.
```

> Once the investigation is completed, the authorized adjudicative entity **SHALL** adjudicate the investigation and report the final eligibility determination to the Central Verification System (or successor) and, if applicable, their enrollment in the Continuous Vetting Program as defined in [[EO 13764]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-EO-13764). This determination **SHALL** be recorded in (or available to) the PIV enrollment record to reflect PIV eligibility for the PIV cardholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the investigation is completed, the authorized adjudicative entity **SHALL** adjudicate the investigation and report the final eligibility determination to the Central Verification System (or successor) and, if applicable, their enrollment in the Continuous Vetting Program as defined in [[EO 13764]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-EO-13764). This determination **SHALL** be recorded in or referenced by the PIV enrollment record to reflect PIV eligibility for the PIV cardholder.
```
